README.md, before:

# CQL Core Framework

Common .Net Packages used in speeding up and simplifying DotNet development at CQL Corp.

Get the latest versions from Nuget - https://www.nuget.org/packages?q=cql.core

# Packages

## .Net Core and Full Framework Packages

1. **Cql.Core.Common** - A common library for CQL .Net applications.
1. **Cql.Core.Web** - Common web features for Owin and AspNetCore web applications.
1. **Cql.Core.NativeMethods.Logon** - An implementation of the native Windows LogonUser method.
1. **Cql.Core.Messaging** - Common service implementation for Smtp, Email and SMS messaging.
1. **Cql.Core.ServiceLocation** - A lightweight wrapper for the CommonServiceLocator.
1. **Cql.Core.SqlServer** - A common library SQL server.
1. **Cql.Core.SqlReportingServices** - A wrapper for SQL Server Reporting Services.

## AspNetCore Packages

1. **Cql.Core.AspNetCore** - Common Asp.Net Core features.

## Full Framework Packages

1. **Cql.Core.Owin** - Common Owin-based web features.
1. **Cql.Core.Owin.Autofac** - Common Autofac code.
1. **Cql.Core.Owin.Identity** - Common Owin-based implementation of Asp.Net Identity providers.
1. **Cql.Core.Owin.IdentityData** - Common Owin-based implementation of Asp.Net Identity data providers.
1. **Cql.Core.Owin.IdentityTools** - Common Owin-based Asp.Net Identity utility classes.
1. **Cql.Core.Owin.SwaggerDocs** - Common Swagger API Documentation implementation.
1. **Cql.Core.Owin.WebPack** - Middleware and utilities for running the webpack dev server.
1. **Cql.Core.Caching** - An implementation of System.Runtime.Caching.MemoryCache.
1. **Cql.Core.TransactionScopes** - An implementation for System.Transactions that supports async methods.

## Release Notes:

https://github.com/cqlcorp/cql.core/wiki/Release-Notes

Commit message:

Elasticsearch 6.x Extensions (#2)
* Add Cql.Core.Elasticsearch package

* Update readme for Elasticsearch package

README.md, after:

# CQL Core Framework

Common .Net Packages used in speeding up and simplifying DotNet development at CQL Corp.

Get the latest versions from Nuget - https://www.nuget.org/packages?q=cql.core

# Packages

## .Net Core and Full Framework Packages

1. **Cql.Core.Common** - A common library for CQL .Net applications.
1. **Cql.Core.Elasticsearch** - A library containing useful extensions to the Elasticsearch low level client.
1. **Cql.Core.Web** - Common web features for Owin and AspNetCore web applications.
1. **Cql.Core.NativeMethods.Logon** - An implementation of the native Windows LogonUser method.
1. **Cql.Core.Messaging** - Common service implementation for Smtp, Email and SMS messaging.
1. **Cql.Core.ServiceLocation** - A lightweight wrapper for the CommonServiceLocator.
1. **Cql.Core.SqlServer** - A common library SQL server.
1. **Cql.Core.SqlReportingServices** - A wrapper for SQL Server Reporting Services.

## AspNetCore Packages

1. **Cql.Core.AspNetCore** - Common Asp.Net Core features.

## Full Framework Packages

1. **Cql.Core.Owin** - Common Owin-based web features.
1. **Cql.Core.Owin.Autofac** - Common Autofac code.
1. **Cql.Core.Owin.Identity** - Common Owin-based implementation of Asp.Net Identity providers.
1. **Cql.Core.Owin.IdentityData** - Common Owin-based implementation of Asp.Net Identity data providers.
1. **Cql.Core.Owin.IdentityTools** - Common Owin-based Asp.Net Identity utility classes.
1. **Cql.Core.Owin.SwaggerDocs** - Common Swagger API Documentation implementation.
1. **Cql.Core.Owin.WebPack** - Middleware and utilities for running the webpack dev server.
1. **Cql.Core.Caching** - An implementation of System.Runtime.Caching.MemoryCache.
1. **Cql.Core.TransactionScopes** - An implementation for System.Transactions that supports async methods.

## Release Notes:

https://github.com/cqlcorp/cql.core/wiki/Release-Notes
